com/android/foodorderapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.BuildConfig
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/MenuRecyclerRowBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.MenuRecyclerRowBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/adapters/PlaceYourOrderAdapter.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.PlaceYourOrderAdapter
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.PlaceYourOrderAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/PlaceOrderRecyclerRowBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.PlaceOrderRecyclerRowBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/RestaurantMenuActivity.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.RestaurantMenuActivity
 com.android.foodorderapp.RestaurantMenuActivity$1
com/android/foodorderapp/adapters/MenuListAdapter.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter$1
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter$2
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter$3
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter$MenuListClickListener
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.MenuListAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityRestaurantMenuBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityRestaurantMenuBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/MainActivity.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.MainActivity
 com.android.foodorderapp.MainActivity$1
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/RecyclerRowBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.RecyclerRowBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/model/Menu.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.model.Menu
 com.android.foodorderapp.model.Menu$1
com/android/foodorderapp/adapters/RestaurantListAdapter.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.RestaurantListAdapter
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.RestaurantListAdapter$1
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.RestaurantListAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.android.foodorderapp.adapters.RestaurantListAdapter$RestaurantListClickListener
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/PlaceYourOrderActivity.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.PlaceYourOrderActivity
 com.android.foodorderapp.PlaceYourOrderActivity$1
 com.android.foodorderapp.PlaceYourOrderActivity$2
com/android/foodorderapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.SplashActivity
 com.android.foodorderapp.SplashActivity$1
com/android/foodorderapp/model/RestaurantModel.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.model.RestaurantModel
 com.android.foodorderapp.model.RestaurantModel$1
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityOrderSucceessBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityOrderSucceessBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/OrderSucceessActivity.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.OrderSucceessActivity
 com.android.foodorderapp.OrderSucceessActivity$1
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/model/Hours.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.model.Hours
com/android/foodorderapp/databinding/ActivityPlaceYourOrderBinding.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.databinding.ActivityPlaceYourOrderBinding
com/android/foodorderapp/Login.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.Login
 com.android.foodorderapp.Login$1
 com.android.foodorderapp.Login$2
 com.android.foodorderapp.Login$2$1
com/android/foodorderapp/Register.java
 com.android.foodorderapp.Register
 com.android.foodorderapp.Register$1
 com.android.foodorderapp.Register$2
 com.android.foodorderapp.Register$2$1
